use sub folder when caching data (#1050)
CCI-Tools/cate: CHANGES.md

* The "local" data store is now configured to use the current 
  working directory as root.
  
* Cached data is now written into a sub-folder `cate-local/{data_store_id}` 

>   within the localc data store root unless another folder is specified. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  within the Cate server's root path unless another folder is specified. 
```
